  You've heard of Percy Jackson and his adventurs, right? But have you ever wondered what his friends have been through before he came here to camp half-blood? Because thats what i'm going to tell you in this story. The story of me, Annabeth Chase. Daughter of Athena, goddess of wisdom and warfare. I'm about tell you almost each and every detail about me and what i've been through. 
  You may have heard of how Percy saved the lightning bolt for Zeus, got the Golden Fleece, held up the sky, and so much more. But what have I done other then help Percy with everything that he's done? Surely i've done something before meeting Percy. And I did. In fact i've done a lot before Percy arrived here. Thats what i'm going to tell you so make sure you're listening otherwise go do something else. If your not fully interested then its not worth your time. Now for all of you that stayed here, you'll love me after this.
  I'm Annabeth Chase, AKA Daughter of Athena to everyone who wants to kill me and Percy. I got here at camp half-blood at seven years old. Ever sience then i've been doing nothing but train, train, and train. With not that many breaks. I learned how to use a sword at seven in a half years old. I thought I would be some fairytale warrior. I am a warrior but not the kind of warrior I thought I would be. Anyways this all started on a Sunday morning. It was just like any other weekend. I went for a walk, that's when I noticed something off about the path I was going. It was the same path, same view, same everything. But something just put me off. I just ignored it and kept walking admiering the beautiful sight of nature that I would never see again.
  Then I felt the earth shaking. I thought it was an earthquake but I was the only one who felt it. A few seconds later a huge earth giant emerged from the ground. There was also a whole bunch of Furies flying out of the ground. I was traumatized seeing that. I didn't know what it was or why it was there or if it was even there. I started screaming my head off and clung to someone who was walking down the same path.
"SOMEONE HELP ME!" I yelled
  "get off of me kid!" a ramdom guy told me annoyed.
   I found a bronze knife laying there right where I was standing. So I picked it up. The giant threatend me with its huge bolders and it was trying to throw trees at me. 
  "HEY MONSTER! COME AND GET ME IF YOUR SO BIG AND STRONG!" I yelled with out really thinking first.
   Then I somehow got the courage to jump at it and stab it right in the chest.
    After that I felt like I was going to die but also very strong. I didn't know it at the time but it was Athena my mom giving me the courage to do it. She also gave me that knife. A few hours later she guided me to camp half-blood. I heard her vioce in my head. But it was only a very soft verion of her. I could tell it was Athena though.
  I felt like she was almost controling my movments but she was also talking to me saying that i'll be ok. And that she was leading me to a very safe place. I didn't know anything about who I accually was but part of me told me to trust her. When I got there someone greeted me. It was one of their campers. 
"hi there my names Clarrisie daughter of Ares"
  I just said hi back. Then she grabed my hand and ran. There was so much going on in my head like what is this place and who is this girl. When we stoped thats when I saw Chiron for the first time ever. I was so scared when I saw that he was a centaur ( which means half human and half horse) I was one of those people who gets very shy when meeting new people. Which is what my gramdma calls me out for and starts rubbing my back like i'm four years old. I always tell her to stop though. Back to the story, when he talked his voice was kind of deep.  
