  The next day I was nothing but embarassed. I didn't want to talk to Luke because I didn't want to pull him into all of this, but also because the whole reason the fight happend was because I was friends with Luke. (Again Rick I'm not trying to copywrite anything I am purly just trying to make stuff up from your charatcters)
  I stayed in the cabin all day, or at least as much as I could, I still had to go out for sword fighting which i'm really good at. In fact, I was so good that no one even dared to challenge me, or I just had a bad reputation from everything. Until someone finally called me over to fight.
  "so, how good are you really?" he competetivly asked me.
  "I guess we'll find out" I responded.
  At first he tried to distract me with his words, saying things like "how's your expiriance here been" and things like that. But, me being me I didn't fall for it, mainly because ever sience the how thing with me and Luke, everyone's been trying to trick me into fist fights and stuff. I wanted to stike first so badly knowing that would immeaditly take me down. So, instead I stood there looking helpless on purpose to make him stike sooner so he'd go at the wrong time and I can take him down. He didn't fall for it though.
  "How long do you intend to stand there little girl?" he asked me sarcasticly.
  He didn't get an answer an thats what triggered the battle. As he tried to swing my sword out of my hands, I slid under his legs and riped his already patched up shirt in half. He turned around and I hoped over him and scared his back in the open shirt slit. Our swords clashed with a loud sound that got everyones attention. With everyone now watching, I gave him a little unwanted haircut that in my opinion looked better then the ones that Aphroditie's kids give everyone. One kid even ran away after seeing that. Ten minutes went by and I've been winning so far, Everyones cheereing my name as I do all sorts of signature moves that nobody has ever seen. Another five minutes have went by and that was just enough time to pull my last moves and win.
