You would think I had another vision or something but no I hear and felt everything around me, and I felt like my head was floating off my body.
  "I had to gave her the anathisia or she would've ran off you know how she is" I heard Iris tell Selina.
  I could tell Selina didn't agree with Iris. Otherwise, why'd Iris say that?
  "of course you did, now how did you know she was who we were looking for?" Asked Selina.
  "You really don't remember the discription?"
  "oh, you just looked for that"
  "yeah, now shut up"
  I thought it was pretty harsh, but I didn't even know what was going on. So, I can't really say anything. The only thing I knew was that I was in trouble. One thing I wondered was why? Just why? Iris would always joke around about these kinds of things happening, but I never thought I would be the one to expieriance it. It was always something like "I might be the one to start a fight" It was pretty funny most of the time. But one time she went a little too far and pretended to try to charge at me. It was always me for some reason, and I guess this was the reason.
  "I just hope she's not faking it she fought it for some time" said Iris.
  "I'm not surprised she was always the stronger one mostly mentally, but she has had her take down moments" Responded Selina.
  "like I don't know that. Another thing I know is your a yapper!"
  I don't know how Iris could be so rude but at the same time we all had it coming. Selina started crying. Next thing I know I feel a hard smack across the face.
  "nap time's over Cor" Said Iris.
  "Ow! what was that for!" I yell.
  "we need to talk" Iris told me in a scary way.
  She dragged me into a tree branch and said "where were you last Wednesday?"
  I didn't answer and instead took a punch in her gut and bolted off deeper into the woods. I was so fast I felt like there was lighting behind me. I knew what Selina said about me having my "strong moments" and used that against Iris knowing she would get mad at Selina for bringing that up. She thinks I'm only strong in the mind, but nope I can bearaly come up with any sorts of plans and just go with my gut. I thought to call for help, but that would only draw Iris and Selina to find me.
  "DAMN HER!" Iris shouted as she was in pain.
  "see? Mentally strong" Said Selina.
  "was I asking?" 
  "now you are"
  I got into the city and found the nearest police station and told them what happend. Now their holding a search party and it's on the news. Luckily I wasn't too far from home, so after that I just went home and I didn't need to explain where I was because it was on the news right at the time my mom put it on.
  "oh my goodness! Cora you could have been hurt badly or worse by them! I don't want you going out alone anymore. I'll drop you off at school from now on. They could be hiding anywhere now. Let me search this place, but not your room; you can search that part" Said my mom as she was checking to see if I had any brusis.
  She was checking because brusis can be reported as assult.
