  He explained why I was here, and after I heard the full story I was pertified in shock. After I was told everything about being a demigod Clarresie showed me my cabin. There was at least five kids in there. I shyly asked "hi, do you know where I could put my stuff?" I was so scared still even though i've been kind of introduced. Even though I still didn't really know this place. One of the other kids said 
"aww, who are you little one?" 
"i'm Annabeth" 
"Last name please" 
"Chase, Annabeth Chase" 
"oh its you... we were expecting you dear" I felt kind of safe around them. Maybe its just because their also daughters of Athena.
  After I organized everything I walked around for a little bit to get used to my surroundings. Athena herself even spoke to me a little bit. I manged to get around the whole lake that seperates Half-Blood Hill from anything else. Thats when I saw the sword fighting again and rememberd how real they make it. The campers use real swords that could injur you if you mess up. Luckliy they have a little docters room for when you do get hurt or sick. Thats where they put Percy when he arrived. I mean I can't blame them, he had to fight a minitour right before entering the place where you learn how to fight those kinds of stuff.
  A few minutes later, I was called over to see Chiron again. He asked me how I got here and if I saw or fought any monsters right before comming here. I told him what happend even though I was still nervous and even a bit suspitious of him. It was probably because he was quiet most of the time. But thats because theres normaly no fights, well no fights that are not supppost to happen. Eventually I got the courage to ask Chrion something. I asked him if I could join the sword fights. He said that I have to anyway and that he was giving me some time to check this place out. Turns out I asked right as he was going to tell me to go anyways.
  But I needed some of the aromor that all the other kids had. Luckily he had a little stock of it for when new campers arrive. I thought that he was just going to tell me to just go in and fight without protection. As I talked to him more I realzied that he's not all that bad. In fact he's pretty nice. Nicer then he looks if i'm being honest. When I saw the swords I was mezmorized. They were poslished. That explained why they looked to shiny and brand new. They looked like they were made out of pure dimonds. But then Chrion told me that I won't use any of those swords and that i'll be using that bronze knife that I found when I fought that thing in the forest. I was a little dissapointed but I didn't say anything. I didn't want to start my very first fight with the director himself. Once I was ready, Chiron took me to the sword fighting field where I walked by twice. But he thought that I haven't seen it yet.
  So he introduced me like i've never seen it. I just said exactly what he said at very exact time. "What smart Children  Athena had given us" said Chiron. I was a little annoyed after hearing that. "ok can I go beat some people now?" I asked. When I got my first oppenent I was so ready to kick him to the ground. Just as I expected I beat him up. Thats when I realzied my real streangth. I was stronger then I thought. But I already knew that i'm more advanced then most people. I had mixed feelings. Me beating someone up for the first time made me feel both pain and refreashment.
