  Later that evening I tried to talk to everyone so they could know that i'm there and so I can meet new people. That was kind of hard though. I never really talked to anyone or had friends in my normal life so trying to do it now was a little complicaded. But thanks to the intellegents my mother had given me I was able to figure out how to start a conversation with someone. I walked up to a random group of kids that were walking by. "hey there, new kid!" one of the girls said. 
"hey, who's child are you?" I asked
 They were the daughters of Aphrodietie the goddess of beauty and love. No wonder they looked like the type of girls to always try to flirt with who ever they see girl or boy. Either way we started talking for a little bit.
  "so, how did you get here?" asked one of the other girls
I told them only about how Athena led me here. 
"wow, your mom must really care about you, our mom just left us all alone to go try to make people fall in love with their mom" said the girl in the middle
"it still sounds really weird to think about and say. I mean come on their mom!" said a side girl.
We talked about loads of different things until we went to bed. When I went up to my cabin I thought about how Aphroditie just left her kids for a different, less important kind of love.
  The next day I woke up and almost screamed because I forgot that I was led to camp instead of staying in my home. When I walked out it was so sunny out just the way I like it. So I walked down to the lake and sat by it because I was bored. I ran my hand through it to see if it was warm water. Surprisingly it was I wanted to jump in but I would look like a crazy person if I did that. I tried to run my hand again but it got super hot telling me to stay away from it and that only Posiden's kid can touch it. 
"by the gods ow thats hot!" I said before even thinking about it.
"Annebeth!" someone called.
It was all the other daughters of Athena. Or at least I thought.
  It was accualy Clarrisie and her friends. 
"hey, Clair" I greeted.
"hey, could you come with me for a little bit it was only take like five minutes" she said.
I went with her. We ended up in the girls restroom. I asked her what we were doing in there and she said that we were going to do a ritual for new kids so they can have good luck around here. Wrong, she took me into one of the stalls and tried to make me do a telkienitic thing were you just move water. I guess they were trying to find Posiden's kid, which was not me. Before I left I yelled 
"I MAY NOT BE POSIDEN'S KID BUT WHEN YOU DO FIND HIM AND YOU FORCE HIS POWER POSIDEN HIMSELF WON'T BE VERY HAPPY WITH YOU!" Then I took off. I got out just as breakfast was ready. While the others at my table talked I thought about what i'd said. I couldn't really get Posiden to hurt Clarrise. Mostly because first i'm not his kid and also because i'm Athena's kid and they hate eachother and even if I did get him to it would be almost immpoissble to do. 
But one thing I was so glad about was that there is other daughters too so if I ever need help or something I can always just ask them. When we were done I wanted to skip the sword fights so I just went back to my cabin and started writing. I didn't really know what I was writing I just let mind go and made a whole poem at seven years old. I don't remember exactly what I wrote down but I know it had to do something about changes. I was going to write another one but someone yelled "HIDE!"
So I walked out only to see a flamingo mixed bear that was huge. It had a Flamingo main body but a bear head, arms, and legs. I think it also thought like both amimals.  
